docs: integrated generic installers documentation (#4922)
eclipse/kura: docs/getting-started/install-kura.md

### Initial network configuration

During the installation of a generic profile with network management support, the initial network configuration will be generated dynamically using the rules described below:

- The existing wired and wireless Ethernet network interface names are sorted in ascending lexicographic order.
- The first wired Ethernet interface in the list will be configured as follows:
    - **Status**: `Enabled for WAN`
    - **Configure**: `Using DHCP`

- The first wireless LAN interface will be configured as follows:
    - **Status**: `Enabled for LAN`
    - **Configure**: `Manually`
    - **IP address**: `172.16.1.1`
    - **Passphrase**: `testKEYS`
    - **DHCP & NAT**: `enabled`

- All other network interfaces will be disabled.

For example, if the system contains the following interfaces: `wlp2s0`, `wlp3s0`, `enp3s0`, `eno1`, `ens2`; then `eno1` will be enabled for WAN in DHCP client mode, `wlp2s0` will be configured as an AP, and all other network interfaces will be disabled.

!!! warning

>     On systems that do not use systemd's predicatable interface naming scheme (see [Freedesktop reference](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/PredictableNetworkInterfaceNames/)), it might be the case that the primary network interface name changes whenever a re-enumeration is triggered (for example, after a reboot or after plugging in an external network adapter).

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
    On systems that do not use systemd's predictable interface naming scheme (see [Freedesktop reference](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/PredictableNetworkInterfaceNames/)), it might be the case that the primary network interface name changes whenever a re-enumeration is triggered (for example, after a reboot or after plugging in an external network adapter).
```

>     On systems that do not use systemd's predicatable interface naming scheme (see [Freedesktop reference](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/PredictableNetworkInterfaceNames/)), it might be the case that the primary network interface name changes whenever a re-enumeration is triggered (for example, after a reboot or after plugging in an external network adapter).

Reviewer: Wording

```suggestion
    On systems that do not use systemd's predicatable interface naming scheme (see [Freedesktop reference](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/PredictableNetworkInterfaceNames/)), the primary network interface name might change whenever a re-enumeration is triggered (for example, after a reboot or after plugging in an external network adapter).
```

    The advice is to install Kura on systems that use a reliable naming convention for network interfaces.

    Systemd consistent network interface naming assigns the name prefix based on the physical location of the device, see [Understanding the Predictable Network Interface Device Names](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/networking_guide/sec-understanding_the_predictable_network_interface_device_names) for further reference.

### Initial firewall configuration

The initial firewall configuration will be as shown in the screenshot below.

![](./images/firewall-generic.png)

!!! warning

>     Please note that installing a Kura generic profile with network configuration support will replace the current network and firewall configuration with the one shown above

Reviewer: I would avoid adding an additional warning for this (we have already too many "Warnings" inside our documentation 😆 ). Simply state that this is what Kura will do upon installation.
